being the subway fire artist was the
beginning of my career and I always look
back at it as where I got started
[Music]
starting what if I
where's your pen Razi looks like she's
voting for me a girl's disappeared
can we not talk politics there you go
[Music]
Peter J Milford CSI Milford mayor Dixon
and this is sheriff Tanner and his
deputy Rossi buck thank you for coming
well I have a fund raiser so these two
will fill you in let's try and clean
this fiasco up before the election
okey-dokey
listen I don't know how you see us i
folk do things that we here have ground
rules understand affirmative the garlic
on your breath tells me you're not
scared to offend but you could enhance
your aggressive image by not wearing
tomato condiment on your tie I've told
you you'll ruin your teeth eating like
that
finally a professional my Annabelle
cannot use this pageant understand this
is plum I assume I don't think the
pageant is top priority now not a
priority this town was built on pageant
royalty Bonnie what is her mother gave
me pageants I give me Dennis oh he
wasn't trying to be rude I'm sure agent
Milford a little welcome gift my
doughnuts are famously irresistible
I never partake in polysaccharides
they'll kill you you're speaking Greek
Milford correct polysaccharides is a
Greek word but now is no time for
etymology shall we get started
[Music]
such a waste of a good breakfast
sandwich that's whole day ahead of it
name the victim is Annabel plum 18 years
of age she was the favorite to win the
title the time of abduction was sometime
between 9:15 a.m. and 9:25 a.m. no signs
of forced entry nope
definite signs of trauma I'll have to
reconstruct the sandwich to find out who
did this but first things first
[Music]
I hear the avocados ripen in June the
avocados are right but the lettuce is
succulent Wow
agent Milford it's an honor brother I
know every single one of your cases what
can you tell me about Annabelle plum
grow a taste if you ever do eggs ham and
cheese egg whites never eggs it's all in
here I have one on everybody want to see
you know I could help you with this case
negative I only work solo 6-inch toasted
9 grain roasted chicken three strips ooh
BRR crispy bacon with lettuce your chow
are you working right bro
affirmative
agent Milford you just in time welcome
quorum any get him the keys to the VIP
room
she's such a handful
thank you
[Music]